# 2023-01-05 Darwinia Ecological Meeting

Attendees: Anonymous, Ran Ji, Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous, Echo Hu, Anonymous, Jay Lau, Anonymous, Aki Wu, Ismail Mbarack, Yalin Cai
Created by: Ran Ji
Created time: January 15, 2023 11:05 PM
Event time: January 5, 2023
Last edited by: Ran Ji
Last edited time: January 15, 2023 11:22 PM
Type: Ecological Meeting

## üìÖ¬†January 5, 2023 10:30 AM (CST)

## üìö¬†Pre-read

- Docs
    
    Add your docs here ...
    
- Team updates & gut checks
    
    **Nas**
    
    - Finished
        - Finished 85% of Darwinia 2.0 staking API integration.
        - Started coding Darwinia 2.0 account migration UI.
    - In Progress
        - Finishing up Darwinia 2.0 staking API integration.
        - Keep coding Darwinia 2.0 account migration UI.
    - TODO
        - 
    
    **Ran Ji**
    
    - Finished
        - Crab/Darwinia PLO NFT distribution
        - Crab PLO rewards distribution (CRAB/CKTON)
        - Darwinia 2.0 Account migration UI
        - Darwinia 2.0 Staking Collator UI
        - Sync with the community
            - Staking FAQs
            - Data Migration
        - Dwellir contract
    - In Progress
        - Follow up on the progress of `Darwinia 2.0 Account migration`
        - Follow up on the progress of `Darwinia 2.0 Staking`
    - TODO
        - Darwinia 2.0: Sync with the community
        - Test and feedback `Darwinia 2.0 Staking`
    
    **Aki**
    
    - Finished
        - complete the data process article.
        - polish the grant application form of helixbridge
        - polish Staking FAQ
    - In Progress
        - solo to para
    - TODO
        - Darwinia 2.0 article
        - Technical communication
    
    **Megan**
    
    - Finished
        - Darwinia participated in the #PolkaPals holiday giveaway, qualified, coordinated winners, and scheduled announcement
        - Conducted informal season‚Äôs greetings on behalf of Darwinia and Subscan in various public and private groups
        - Scheduled AMA in Litentry community for January 9th @ 20:00 UTC
    - In Progress
        - handoff of accounts, groups, and PoCs to Ran Ji and Jesse
    - TODO
        - Participating in Sama nights and Polkadot monthly ambassador meeting
        - AMA in Litentry community
        - continuation of handoff of accounts, groups, and PoCs to Ran Ji and Jesse

## üí¨¬†Agenda items

- Darwinia 2.0 Next article need help.
    - the first merge of solo and para
        - solo + para ‚Üí para
        - kilt: kusama para ‚Üí polkadot para
- More decent
    
    invite nada, sisi to this meeting. 
    
    darwinia treasury and itering 
    
    get opinions feedbacks from dapps
    

## ‚òëÔ∏è¬†Action items

- [ ]  Darwinia 2.0 article. @Aki Wu
- [ ]  darwinia-js-sdk @Aki Wu
- [ ]  Darwinia solidity sdk update @Aki Wu
- [ ]  Prepare Grant Proposal @Aki Wu
- [ ]  Finishing up Darwinia 2.0 staking API integration. @Ismail Mbarack Test and feedback @Ran Ji
- [ ]  Keep coding Darwinia 2.0 account migration UI. @Ismail Mbarack Test and feedback @Ran Ji
- [ ]  AMA related @Megan Skye
- [ ]  Extend network of community developers from South East Asia (Vietnam, India, Thailand, etc.) @Ran Ji @Aki Wu
- [ ]  January's 7.5% CRAB + CKTON rewards from Crab Kusama Parachain Slot Auction @Ran Ji @Yalin Cai
- [ ]  January‚Äôs Crab and Darwinia PLO NFT rewards @Ran Ji @Echo Hu @Jay Lau @Perror Qin
- [ ]  Darwinia 2.0 Apps UI @Ran Ji